docs/graphql/cloud/billing/payment-methods.rst, before:

.. meta::
   :description: Manage Payment Methods
   :keywords: hasura, cloud, docs, payment, cards, manage cards, payment methods, manage payment methods

.. _payment_methods:

Manage payment methods
======================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

Introduction
------------

You can add one or more cards as a payment method for upcoming billing cycles on your Hasura Cloud account.

Add a new card
--------------

Go to the billing section, and click on ``View Cards``. 

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/manage_cards.png
   :alt: view saved cards

Click the ``+`` sign to add a new card. 

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/add_new_card.png
   :alt: add a new card
   :width: 437px

After adding appropriate values, click ``Save``.

Setting a default card
----------------------

The default card is used for the payment of upcoming billing cycles.

Select the card you want to set as the default payment method or add a new card, check the ``Set Card as Default`` option and click ``Save``. 

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/set_existing_default.png
   :alt: set an exiting card as the default card
   :width: 437px

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/set_new_default.png
   :alt: Add a new card as the default card
   :width: 437px

Delete a card
-------------

Select the card you want to delete and click the ``Remove Card`` option. 

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/delete_card.png
   :alt: Delete card
   :width: 437px

.. note::

  A card set as default can not be deleted.

Commit message:

docs/cloud: update default card delete comment
Users can delete their default card now. They will not be allowed to do so if they have any billable projects or have an pending dues. (ref cloud PR [#2155](https://github.com/hasura/lux/pull/2155)).

Note: The changes are already live.
GitOrigin-RevId: 80d695698152a94613309b5711851f018941c280

docs/graphql/cloud/billing/payment-methods.rst, after:

.. meta::
   :description: Manage Payment Methods
   :keywords: hasura, cloud, docs, payment, cards, manage cards, payment methods, manage payment methods

.. _payment_methods:

Manage payment methods
======================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

Introduction
------------

You can add one or more cards as a payment method for upcoming billing cycles on your Hasura Cloud account.

Add a new card
--------------

Go to the billing section, and click on ``View Cards``. 

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/manage_cards.png
   :alt: view saved cards

Click the ``+`` sign to add a new card. 

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/add_new_card.png
   :alt: add a new card
   :width: 437px

After adding appropriate values, click ``Save``.

Setting a default card
----------------------

The default card is used for the payment of upcoming billing cycles.

Select the card you want to set as the default payment method or add a new card, check the ``Set Card as Default`` option and click ``Save``. 

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/set_existing_default.png
   :alt: set an exiting card as the default card
   :width: 437px

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/set_new_default.png
   :alt: Add a new card as the default card
   :width: 437px

Delete a card
-------------

Select the card you want to delete and click the ``Remove Card`` option. 

.. thumbnail:: /img/graphql/cloud/billing/delete_card.png
   :alt: Delete card
   :width: 437px

.. note::

  A card set as default can not be deleted if the user has billable projects or pending dues.
